Thank You spider-man I'm so good
hey sorry I'm late happy nice thank you
you too thank you
new dress yes it is hot you know what
just happened
[Music]
let's get your passport Peter Parker
here to pick up a passport please
mini Tuesday's let's look pack your suit
I just want to go on my trip with my
friends Europe doesn't really need a
friendly neighborhood spy
[Music]
you look really pretty therefore I have
value no that's not a nice thing to see
you look pretty too
I spent some time with NZ I want you to
be my first time I love I had just
finished my phone call so nice to
finally meet you
spider-man
your Nick Fury put some clothes on let's
go for a ride is she gonna be okay like
that might want to turn him over so he
doesn't swallow his tongue
unique theory just hijacked our summer
vacation
get gifts Parker but have a job to do
are you going to step up or not
you're all alone your friends are in
trouble
what are you gonna do about it
you don't want any part of this
who is that guy he's like Iron Man and
Thor rolled into one he's no spider-man
what is it with you and spider-man what
he looks out for the neighbor it has a
dope suit and I really respect him
sup dickwad
[Music]